FutureVault
Software Developer
Toronto, ON
09/2023-12/2023
Proposed and implemented a system for the creation and provisioning of sets of bookmarks tailored for specific user groups using React.js, Spring Boot, and MongoDB, optimizing user workflows and information access
Spearheaded the design and deployment of a favicon scraper, enhancing the visual representation of the in-app bookmarks tab
Created a drag and drop form UI in React.js for bookmark template creation

Radar
Software Engineer
New York, NY
01/2023-04/2023
Led mobile SDK work in Android, iOS, and React Native for tracking conversions, clearly demonstrating return on investment for customers while providing important leverage for renegotiating partnerships.
Spearheaded project to add hours of operation to geofences, designing intuitive frontend components and introducing robust modifications to critical business logic.
Created developer productivity tools for an internal React Native testing app to coordinate complex builds involving several codebases, reducing iteration time by 80%.

theScore
Android Mobile Developer
Toronto, ON
01/2022-04/2022
Redesigned app widget to address user feedback and maintain functionality across different device types.
Constructed queries for GraphQL as part of a transition away from REST, adding support for live updates with subscriptions.
Worked with product team to implement and coordinate UI changes across Android and iOS platforms.
Maintained low technical debt by writing thorough unit tests.

Ford Motor Company
Android Infotainment Projection Software Developer
Waterloo, ON
05/2021-08/2021
Developed Apple CarPlay application for Android Automotive OS in‐vehicle infotainment system.
Implemented media playback for iPhone over wireless CarPlay, as well as exposing media control API using standard Android MediaBrowserService interface.
Designed responsive landing page for Apple CarPlay app.

BlackBerry
Android Software Development Intern
Waterloo, ON
01/2020-04/2020
Implemented MS Exchange functionality in Blackberry Hub Inbox, Services, Calendar, Contacts, Notes, and Tasks apps, each with more than 1 million downloads on Google Play.
Added security checks for user account creation, improving resilience against brute force password cracking.
Diagnosed and resolved bugs for improved user experience and security.

GPA:    79.69   3.27/4